Answer each question in a written format

1. What does semantic HTML mean?
    elements with a meaning: HTML markup should convey the underlying meaning of your content not just it's appearance.
2. What is the box model?
    HTML pattern where elements are viewed as a box with margin( area outside ), border (defines the size), padding (area around the inside ), and the content
3. What is the difference between IDs and Classes?
    ids are unique: there can only be one element per page with the same id and an element can only have one id
    classes can be used on multiple elements and multiple classes can be applied to an element
4. What does the z-index do?
    property that specifies the stack order of an element: an element with a larger z index will appear in front of an element with a lower z index
5. Summarize what the keyword 'this' is used for?
    it is used to determine context
6. What is a callback?
    a function that is passed into another function as an argument and is then invoked inside that function
7. What is a closure?
    a pattern in javascript where there is an inner function that has the scope of it's parent function : this is a way to keep data private
8. How does prototype work?
    methods that exist on the parent constructor
9. What is MVC?
    javascript design pattern Model View Controller > model is the data, view is how it should appear, and controller is the logic
10. What is the component lifecycle?
    methods that happen at different times in a components life: willMount, didMount, willReceiveProps, shouldUpdate, willUpdate, didUpdate, willUnmount
11. What is REST?
    representational state transfer
12. Name three ways of getting data from the URL using express
    req.query, req.params, req.body ? put post get?
create table users (
id serial,
name varchar(255),
email varchar(255)
)

12. Given the Schema above, write the following four basic CRUD db queries using postgres syntax

-Get all users:
select * from users
-Create a new user with the name of 'your name' and an email of 'fake@fake.com':
insert into users (name, email) values ('Hiram Perry', 'fake@fake.com')
-Update the newly created user's name to 'Bobby Boy':
update users set name='Bobby Boy' where name = 'Hiram Perry'
-Delete the newly updated user:
delete from users where name = 'Bobby Boy'